#### v2.1.1 - Jun 26, 2014 ####
* Update check switched to using Curse ServerMods API to conform to BukkitDev submission requirements.
* Info command now displays information about available updates if update-checking is enabled.

#### v2.1.0 - Jun 11, 2014 ####
* Added localization system, allowing translations for all plugin messages.
* Added option to give all books to players every time they join the server.
* Update check now gets most current version directly from BukkitDev.
* Commands and subcommands now handle tab-completion.
* Commands now work with books that have spaces in their titles.

#### v2.0.0 - Mar 17, 2013 ####
* Complete plugin rewrite!
* Players now receive any book they have not yet received when joining the server. Add a new book, and players will automatically get it on join even if they have received other books before.
* Books generated by this plugin are now blocked from being traded with villagers (configurable).
* Added command to give books to other players.
* Added command to unsign books.
* Books may now be specified by number _or title_ in commands that require a specific book.
* Fixed update checker to only show up if there is a _newer_ version available.
* NOTE: The structure for books.yml has changed slightly. The plugin will automatically convert your old file to the new structure the first time you run it.

#### v1.2.2 - Dec 28, 2012 ####
* Update for changes in Bukkit API for Minecraft 1.4.5 and later.

#### v1.2.1 - Sep 08, 2012 ####
* Slightly changed the way books are stored. No more missing numbers if books are deleted! All are stored in order now.
* The plugin now automatically checks for a new version, and notifies the console, server ops, and anyone with the bookrules.receivealerts permission. This can be disabled in the config.yml if you do not wish to receive these notifications.

#### v1.2.0 - Sep 03, 2012 ####
* Fixed players being given books upon every login.
* Fixed the "Welcome-Message" config value not being added automatically, causing the [BookRules] null message on login.
* Added a config to change the delay in seconds before users are given the books, for compatibility with AuthMe, StarterKit, etc.
* Added Metrics for anonymous plugin tracking. Opt-out by editing plugins/PluginMetrics/config.yml and change opt-out to true if you so wish.

#### v1.1.0 - Sep 01, 2012 ####
* Added delay before giving players books when first joining. This allows the welcome message to be shown, as well as providing compatibility with other kit plugins that may be used alongside this plugin.

#### v1.0.0 - Aug 31, 2012 ####
* First working version of the plugin.